Removed references to 1.x tags, keeping text that seemed evergreen (#6903)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/relationship.md

* **One-to-many** - where one side of the connection can only have one object. For example, where a controller has many supplicants like FEX and parent switch. A FEX can be uplinked to one parent switch (in most cases), but the parent switch can have many FEX.
* **One-to-one** - where there can be only one object on either side of the relationship. For example, an IP address serving as a router-id for a device. Each device has at most one router-id, and each IP address can be a router-id for at most one device.

Additionally, there are two _symmetric_ relationship types that can be used when defining a relationship between objects of the same type. These relationship types treat the two _sides_ of a relationship as interchangeable (much like the A/Z sides of a circuit, or the endpoints of a cable) rather than distinguishing between the _source_ and _destination_ of a relationship as the non-symmetric relationship types above do.

> * **Symmetric Many-to-many** - as in Many-to-many, but acting more as an _undirected graph_ of similar objects. For example, this could be used to define a set of devices participating in a routing topology, where each device has some number of peers and there's no distinction between _source_ and _destination_ peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Symmetric Many-to-many** - as in Many-to-many, but acting more as an _undirected graph_ of some objects of the same type. For example, this could be used to define a set of devices participating in a routing topology, where each device has some number of peers and there's no distinction between _source_ and _destination_ peers.
```

Author: Seems mo clear to me, so no problem from my side

Reviewer 2: If we're nitpicking, I'd replace "some" with "several" as in "several objects of the same type" :P
